feature/homologación-automática (#2451)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/additional-content/homologator/homologator.en.md

| Payment Approval | To ensure a good payment approval rate, it is important to validate each field highlighted as needing improvement, as well as implementing best practices suggested by Mercado Pago. This way, our fraud tools will have more elements to conduct a detailed evaluation. |
| Scalability | When measuring the quality of your integration, ensure you have the most updated versions of our APIs and official libraries for better results. |
| Security | At Mercado Pago, we aim to ensure the confidentiality of each piece of data involved in a purchase process. The improvements indicated or best practices suggested in your measurement results will allow you to obtain necessary data safely and reliably. |

## How to measure the quality of your integration?

Depending on the integrated solution, your integration evaluation can be conducted in two different ways: manual or automatic.

> WARNING
>
> Important
>
> In both cases, having a `payment ID` (payment identifier) made with **production credentials** is a mandatory requirement, and will enable the correct evaluation of the integration's functionality.

### Automatic measurement

> Between the 1st and 7th of each month, Mercado Pago conducts an automatic evaluation of all applications integrated with **Checkout Pro, Checkout ----[mla, mlm, mlu, mco, mlc, mpe]----API------------ ----[mlb]----Transparente------------, Checkout Bricks, and Mercado Pago Point** that have a productive `payment ID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Between the 1st and 7th of each month, Mercado Pago conducts an automatic evaluation of all applications integrated with **Checkout Pro, Checkout ----[mla, mlm, mlu, mco, mlc, mpe]----API----------------[mlb]----Transparente------------, Checkout Bricks, and Mercado Pago Point** that have a productive `payment ID`.
```

Reviewer: Queda un espacio entre API y la coma. Estoy 99,9% segura que esto lo resuelve pero por las dudas chequeá que se muestre bien la localización. 
<img width="776" alt="Screenshot 2024-09-05 at 10 45 39 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c21fa771-fa35-43a6-a7b4-c1bb5e739fb4">

> NOTE
>
> Note
>
> Integrations with **QR Code** will not be automatically evaluated. To learn how to measure the quality of those integrations, go to "Manual Measurement", or to [Requirements for going to production with QR Code](/developers/en/docs/qr-code/integration-test/attended-model/go-to-production). On the other hand, integrations with **Plugins and Platforms** can be evaluated neither manually nor automatically.

**The automatic measurement process is conducted monthly, even if you have previously performed a manual measurement yourself**. Over time and based on applied improvements, integrations may have configuration changes. Mercado Pago seeks to ensure your work with our solutions becomes increasingly satisfying by offering various options to achieve ideal quality.

> You can find the results of this automatic measurement within the [Application details](/developers/en/docs/your-integrations/application-details). Like with the manual measurement, you can view your application's score, understand the necessary actions identified, and note suggested best practices. For more details, refer to [How to read your measurement results?](/developers/en/docs/integration-quality#howtoreadyourevaluationresults)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the results of this automatic measurement within the [Application details](/developers/en/docs/your-integrations/application-details). Same as with the manual measurement, you can view your application's score, understand the necessary actions identified, and note suggested best practices. For more details, refer to [How to read your measurement results?](/developers/en/docs/integration-quality#howtoreadyourevaluationresults)
```

### Manual measurement

You can perform a manual evaluation of your integration, as long as your integration has a `payment ID` of a productive payment. This can be useful for new integrations that are making their way to production away from the period when Mercado Pago conducts its automatic measurement, or for integrations that have applied suggested improvements and wish to verify their impact.

> WARNING
>
> Important
>
> Remember that even if you have performed a manual measurement, Mercado Pago will conduct an automatic measurement from the 1st to the 7th of each month, except for integrations with QR Code, which only allow manual measurments, and with Plugins and Platforms, which can't perform any type of measurment.

To manually measure the quality of your integration, access the [Your Integrations](/developers/panel/app) menu. There, you will have 2 options to access the measurement tool:

>  * You can locate the desired application and, from the **">"** button, enter the screen from which you can evaluate your integration.

Reviewer: Ojo que el signo > puede romper la doc. Usamos &lt; para < y &gt para >
